{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff0\deff0\stshfdbch0\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}{\f37\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}
{\f38\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f40\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f41\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f42\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}
{\f43\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f44\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f45\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}{\f57\fmodern\fcharset238\fprq1 Courier New CE;}
{\f58\fmodern\fcharset204\fprq1 Courier New Cyr;}{\f60\fmodern\fcharset161\fprq1 Courier New Greek;}{\f61\fmodern\fcharset162\fprq1 Courier New Tur;}{\f62\fbidi \fmodern\fcharset177\fprq1 Courier New (Hebrew);}
{\f63\fbidi \fmodern\fcharset178\fprq1 Courier New (Arabic);}{\f64\fmodern\fcharset186\fprq1 Courier New Baltic;}{\f65\fmodern\fcharset163\fprq1 Courier New (Vietnamese);}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs24\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 
\snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden Default Paragraph Font;}{\*
\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tblind0\tblindtype3\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}{
\s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \f2\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext15 Plain Text;}}
{\*\latentstyles\lsdstimax156\lsdlockeddef0}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid7425852\rsid9114771\rsid10240141\rsid14757464}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 11.0.0000;}{\info{\title General Info              }{\author Jeff Gulley}{\operator Jeff Gulley}
{\creatim\yr2008\mo2\dy20\hr13\min55}{\revtim\yr2008\mo2\dy20\hr13\min55}{\version2}{\edmins1}{\nofpages7}{\nofwords2208}{\nofchars12591}{\*\company GMC Sofware Technology s.r.o.}{\nofcharsws14770}{\vern24613}{\*\password 00000000}}{\*\xmlnstbl {\xmlns1 h
ttp://schemas.microsoft.com/office/word/2003/wordml}}\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1319\margr1319\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect 
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\donotembedsysfont0\donotembedlingdata0\grfdocevents0\validatexml1\showplaceholdtext0\ignoremixedcontent0\saveinvalidxml0\showxmlerrors1\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180
\dgvspace180\dghorigin1319\dgvorigin1440\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind1\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\nobrkwrptbl\snaptogridincell\allowfieldendsel\wrppunct
\asianbrkrule\rsidroot7425852\newtblstyruls\nogrowautofit \fet0{\*\wgrffmtfilter 013f}\ilfomacatclnup0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sectrsid8135223\sftnbj {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang 
{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9
\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar\s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\wrapdefault\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid8135223 \rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\f2\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af2 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid10240141\charrsid10240141 General Info              
\par 
\par You can run the console version of PrintNet T using the following syntax:
\par PnetTC.exe [workflow_path/]workflow_filename [parameter_1] [parameter_2] ... [parameter_x]
\par Example: PNetTC.exe c:\\c\\MyTestWorkflow.wfd -difScriptDataInput1 C:\\c\\ABC002.fac -c C:\\c\\testAFP02.job -o MyOutput1 -f C:\\c\\testAFP.afp -autoskipmissing
\par 
\par You can use .TNO file (PNetT Native) as the input for the command line. It is the same like using workflow .WFD file.
\par Example: PNetTC.exe c:\\c\\MyTnoFile.tno -e PDF
\par 
\par You can also run the console version of PrintNet T in command line application PNetTCNetClient.exe instead of PNetTC.exe (using the same commands as listed below).
\par 
\par If you use spaces, you must place the parameters inside quotation marks.
\par Example: pnettc.exe ParamInput.wfd -f ParamInput.pdf -e PDF "-my name of ParamInput1" "Peter O'Toole"
\par 
\par 
\par General commands
\par 
\par -c filename.job             Sets what Production configuration file will be used.
\par -jobindex 1                 Selects which job to process from production configuration file with multiple jobs
\par -f outputfilename.pdf       Sets output file name in the Driver Configuration area.
\par -o MyOutput1                Selects output workflow module.
\par -multiple commandfile       multiple job filename with commandlines
\par -l logfilename.log          Selects a log file (overwrites existing).
\par -la logfilename             Selects a log file (appends existing).
\par -checklicence               check licence and finish
\par -autoskipmissing            Skips missing files (images, fonts etc.) during opening a workflow.
\par -nowarnings                 Warnings are not logged to the console, only to a log file.
\par -server                     Sets a hostname for VCS login.
\par -username                   Sets a username for VCS login.
\par -password                   Sets a password for VCS login.
\par -logascurr                  Logs as current user into VCS.
\par -vcspreferredbranches       Specifies the preferred VCS branches (separated by comma).
\par -vcslabel                   Specifies a label marking the file to get from VCS.
\par -vcscache                   Specifies a path to VCS cache location.
\par -tempdir                    Selects directory for temporary files.
\par -messagedonotlog            Selects what warning messages will not be logged (codes of messages separated by comma).
\par -messageignoreabort         Selects what messages will not abort job (codes of messages separated by comma).
\par -warningconfig              Opens a file containing saved warning configuration (*.wpr).
\par -useincluded                Included files will be preferred when there is a choice between included and external files. You can specify to what file type will this option apply: Data, Image, Font or any of them(*)."c:\\Program Files\\PrintNet T 4.2\\
PNetTC.exe" c:\\cert\\cert.wfd -useincluded Data -c c:\\cert\\pdf.job Note: On Unix systems there must be used * in quotation marks: -useincluded "*" 
\par -lang name                  Selects language for messages. To select a language use the 2-letter language codes. Note: All languages except English have to be licensed so that they can be used in PNetTC.exe version 4.3 and higher.
\par -flush                      Flushes resources when run is finished. (TNO files are closed when job is finished in PNetT Native module)
\par -xml2wfd                    Converts xml file to wfd file.
\par -wfd2xml                    Converts wfd file to xml file.
\par -enableerrorconsole         Enable error console. All errors will be logged into error console.
\par 
\par Data Input Modules Commands
\par 
\par XML Data Input, Data Input and Script Input Modules Commands:
\par -difModuleName filename              Selects data input file, e.g. -difXMLDataInput1 data.xml.
\par -diUseRangeForProductionModuleName   This command activates Range for Production option. If you wish to set starting and ending records for Production, this command needs to be used with ?true? first. The command has to contain the module name.
\par -diStartRecordModuleName start       Sets starting record for Production. The command has to contain the module name.
\par -diEndRecordModuleName end           Sets ending record for Production. The command has to contain the module name. Example: <Install Directory>PNetTC.exe c:\\cert\\
cert.wfd -diUseRangeForProductionDataInput1 true -diStartRecordDataInput1 10 -diEndRecordDataInput1 15 -e PDF
\par 
\par ODBC Data Input commands:
\par -conModuleName              Selects a connection string.
\par -sqlModuleName              Specifies a SQL command.
\par 
\par ParamInput Module Commands:
\par These commands specify the value of the variable used in ParamInput module in the Layout. Command is used in this format:
\par -[Param_input_variable_name][Param_input_module_name][variable_value]
\par Example: "C:\\Program Files\\PrintNet T 4.2\\PNetTC.exe" C:\\t\\tst.wfd -difDataInput1 C:\\t\\Clients.csv -c C:\\t\\tstPDF.job -o PDF -f C:\\t\\tst.pdf -NewCommandLine0ParamInput1 "Hello World"
\par If you use spaces, you must place the parameters inside quotation marks.
\par Example: pnettc.exe ParamInput.wfd -f ParamInput.pdf -e PDF "-my name of ParamInput1" "Peter O'Toole"
\par 
\par DataGenerator Module Commands:
\par -dgfromModuleName          Sets the starting value of the number range.
\par -dgtoModuleName            Sets the ending value of the number range.
\par 
\par 
\par Data Processing Modules
\par 
\par RecordFilter Module Commands:
\par -rfifModuleName filename   Selects the Input file.
\par -rfpsModuleName            Sets the string pattern with records which pass through each time.
\par 
\par MinMax Generator Module Commands:
\par -hidechar                  Replaces text with asterisks (Boolean).
\par -enable                    Enables the Generator (Boolean).
\par -replchar                  Selects Replacement Character (by default asterisk).
\par 
\par 
\par Layout Module Commands
\par 
\par -useerrorrecoveringModuleName       Select the option Use error recovering. E.g. -useerrorrecoveringLayout1
\par -errorfilenameModuleName            Selects the Error file name.
\par -commitprintedmessages              Creates the XML file with all messages sent to customers.
\par -uselogictrackingModuleName         Enables the Logic tracking mode effective proofing or printing of large jobs.
\par -evaluationstatisticModuleName      Enables generation of statistics in the log. Statistics cover usage of flows, rows, fills, images, pages and variables in the given job and bring detailed information about conditional objects usage. 
\par 
\par XSLFO Module Commands
\par -xslfofModuleName filename          Selects XSLFO input file, e.g. -xslfofXSLFO1 data.fo
\par 
\par Impositioning Modules Commands
\par 
\par Simple N-Upper Module Commands:
\par -snupxcnt                  Sets the number of pages to be printed across the sheet. 
\par -snupxoff                  Sets the space between the X the pages being printed across the sheet.
\par -snupycnt                  Sets the number of pages to be printed down on the sheet. 
\par -snupyoff                  Sets the space between the Y pages being printed down the sheet.
\par 
\par Transformer Module Commands:
\par -stransscalex              Scales the input sheet on the axis X.
\par -stransscaley              Scales the input sheet on the axis Y.
\par -stransrot                 Applies rotation (in given degrees) to the input sheet. The rotation point is in the upper left corner of the sheet.
\par -stransxoff                Sets the offset on the axis X.
\par -stransyoff                Sets the offset on the axis Y.
\par 
\par Sheet NS Splitter Module Commands:
\par -nssxcnt                   Set the number of pages to be printed across the sheet. 
\par -nssxoff                   Sets the space between the X the pages being printed across the sheet.
\par -nnsycnt                   Set the number of pages to be printed down on the sheet. 
\par -nssyoff                   Sets the space between the Y pages being printed down the sheet.
\par -nsssoff                   Sets split offset
\par 
\par Group Filter Module Commands:
\par -g                         Sets the Group Oriented filter (Boolean).
\par -f                         Sets the starting value for Range.
\par -e                         Sets the ending value for Range.
\par -r                         Sets Custom Range (Int numbers separated by comma or with dash, e.g. 1,4-6).
\par 
\par External Workflow Module Commands:
\par -extwfd                    Sets the location of external workflow
\par 
\par Output commands
\par 
\par -e EngineName              Selects engine in Production.
\par -shbeg 1                   Selects starting sheet in the Job configuration (default 1).
\par -shend 1                   Selects ending sheet in the Job configuration.
\par -toend true                Sets whether the job will be printed to end (default true).
\par -cc 1                      Sets the copy count.
\par -pug1 true                 Selects print user group 1 (default true).
\par -pug2 true                 Selects print user group 2 (default true).
\par -pug3 true                 Selects print user group 3 (default true).
\par -col false                 Sets the option Collate (default true).
\par -offsetx                   Sets horizontal offset (x) in meters.
\par -offsety                   Sets vertical offset (y) in meters.
\par -scalex                    Sets horizontal scaling.
\par -scaley                    Sets vertical scaling.
\par -ec engineconfigname       Loads engine configuration from the config file.
\par -dc driverconfigname       Loads driver configuration from the config file.
\par -pc printerconfigname      Loads printer configuration from the config file.
\par -runbyrecord true          When used with ?true?, the Run by record mode is enabled.
\par -profdata                  Creates statistic of data modules execution
\par -parallelprocessing 1      Set parallel processing level (default=use setting from job file, 0=no parallel processing)
\par 
\par 
\par Engine specific commands
\par 
\par Image engine commands:
\par -imagepalette             Sets image depth in bits (1, 8, 24) or gray for 8-bit gray scale.
\par -imageformat              Selects image type (png , jpeg , bmp etc.).
\par -imagedpi                 Sets image dpi.
\par 
\par PDF
\par -pdfcompress true         Sets the PDF compression on.
\par -pdfautoprint true        Prints PDF after opening in Acrobat.
\par -pdfnoprint true          PDF cannot be printed in Acrobat.
\par -pdfformprint true        Uses alternative images for display in Acrobat.
\par -pdfnosave true           PDF changes cannot be saved in Acrobat.
\par -pdfusrpsw String         Sets user password.
\par -pdfownpsw String         Sets owner password.
\par -pdfshowprintdlg false    Do not show Acrobat print dialog, print directly to default printer.
\par -pdfshrinktofit true      Scales PDF page to fit paper when printing.
\par 
\par PNetTNative Engine Commands:
\par -tngcompress true         Sets PNetTNative compression on.
\par -tngincludeall true       Includes all images and fonts.
\par 
\par Native Printer commands:
\par -winndrv                  Selects the driver.            
\par -f                        Sets output file name in the Driver Configuration area.
\par 
\par Find Engine Commands (mainly for servers):
\par -findtext                 Sets the text to be found.
\par -findwholewordonly true   Selects the option Find whole word only.
\par -findmatchcase true       Selects the option Match case.
\par -findabortonfind true     Finds only the first occurrence.
\par 
\par Info Engine Commands (mainly for servers):
\par -imagedpi                 Puts into properties information about image dpi.
\par  
\par  
\par Data output commands:
\par -datacodec UTF-8          Select codec for the output file.
\par -dataoutputtype CSV       Selects data output type (CSV , XML, FLAT, TSD).
\par 
\par 
\par Statistic output commands:
\par -datacodec String         Selects codec (UTF-8 etc.) for the statistic data.
\par 
\par Workspaces (used in map://images/ etc)
\par -wsm Name                 Select workspace
\par -wsmimages Path           Set Images path
\par -wsmdata Path             Set Data path
\par -wsmexternal Path         Set External path
\par -wsmfonts Path            Set Fonts path
\par -wsmworkflow Path         Set Workflow path
\par -wsmproduction Path       Set Production path
\par -wsmother Path            Set Other path
\par -wsmimport filename       Import workspaces
\par -wsmexport filename       Export workspaces
\par 
\par Exit codes:
\par -retiw                    Ignores warning exit code.
\par -retadv2                  Obtains advanced exit codes.
\par 
\par 0     Ok, no errors.
\par 1     Commandline not executed (wrong input parameters, cannot open file etc.).
\par 2     Warnings logged.
\par 3     Errors logged.
\par 4     Error during processing (unnoticed exception etc.).
\par 
\par Advanced exit codes:
\par 
\par 0     Success.
\par 
\par 70  Commandline not executed (general case)
\par 71  Open file error
\par 72  Write file error
\par 73  Wrong parameters
\par 74  Cannot login into VCS
\par 75  Cannot read VCS info
\par 76  Missing workflow location in job config
\par 77  Workflow not specified
\par 78  Workflow cannot be opened
\par 79  Missing some resource files used in workflow
\par 80  Workflow load has failed
\par 81  Cannot open log file
\par 82  Login to server has failed
\par 83  Unmatched parameters
\par 84  Licensing problem
\par 85  Invalid engine
\par 86  Cannot print secure job
\par 87  Config file invalid
\par 88  Engine config not found
\par 89  Driver config not found
\par 90  Printer config not found
\par 91  Unexpected parameter type in commandline
\par 92  Unknown or no output
\par 93  Invalid warning config
\par 94  Invalid warning config in commandline
\par 95  Unable to connect to printer
\par 96  Invalid parameter value
\par 
\par 20  Warnings logged
\par 
\par 30  Errors logged (general case)
\par 31  Open file error
\par 32  Write file error
\par 33  Script compile error
\par 34  Script runtime error
\par 35  Context error
\par 36  Cannot open printer
\par 37  Aborted by user
\par 
\par 40  Errors during processing
\par 
\par Available engines (with commandline options)
\par  'PDF'
\par   -pdfcompress Y/N PDF Compression
\par   -pdfautoprint Y/N PDF Auto Print
\par   -pdfnoprint Y/N PDF No Print
\par   -pdfformprint Y/N PDF Form Print
\par   }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang3082\langfe1033\langnp3082\insrsid10240141\charrsid14757464 -pdfnosave Y/N PDF NoSave
\par   }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid10240141\charrsid10240141 -pdfusrpsw string PDF User Password
\par   -pdfownpsw string PDF Owner Password
\par   -pdfshowprintdlg Y/N Show Acrobat print dialog
\par   -pdfshrinktofit Y/N Shrink pages to fit paper
\par  'Image'
\par   -imagedpi number Image DPI
\par   -imageformat string Image Format
\par   -imagepalette string Image palette
\par   -cropsizex integer Crop size X
\par   -cropsizey integer Crop size Y
\par   -postprocessscale string PostProcess Scale
\par  'AdobePostScript3' or 'PS3'
\par  'AFP'
\par  'IJPDS' or 'Scitex'
\par  'PCL'
\par  'NULL'
\par  'NativePrinter'
\par  'AdobePostScript2' or 'PS2'
\par  'Metacode'
\par  'CreoVPS'
\par  'Info'
\par   -imagedpi number Image DPI
\par  'PodiPPML'
\par  'PDF Fixed Resolution' or 'PDFFix'
\par  'Text'
\par  'HTML Simple' or 'HTML Simple' or 'HTMLSimple' or 'Simple Html' or 'Simple HTML'
\par  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang1036\langfe1033\langnp1036\insrsid10240141\charrsid14757464 'PNetTNative'
\par   -tngcompress Y/N Compression
\par   }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid10240141\charrsid10240141 -tngincludeall Y/N Include All Resources
\par   }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2 \ltrch\fcs0 \lang3082\langfe1033\langnp3082\insrsid10240141\charrsid14757464 -tnggenmetadata Y/N Generate metadata file
\par  }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid10240141\charrsid10240141 'Multi'
\par  'HP PPML'
\par  'Raster'
\par   -cropsizex integer Crop size X
\par   -cropsizey integer Crop size Y
\par   -postprocessscale string PostProcess Scale
\par  'MIBF' or 'MJP'
\par   -mibfNonResImgs string Specifies a path to file with List of non-resident images
\par  'NexPressVDX'
\par  'IPDS'}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid10240141 
\par }}